[Music]
hi
i'm agatha welcome or welcome back to my
channel and for this video i am going to
do a holiday inspired makeup tutorial
so it's going to be easy and i'm going
to use
a lot of local products and affordable
products so mostly they are
under 500 now and i hope you guys enjoy
this video and
without further ado let's get started
i'm also wearing a christmas sweater
as you can see ah
anyway so for this video hindi ko
mashadu shaka kapalan
i'm going to add i'm going to
put foundation
i'm using the fit me foundation in the
shade
one two eight one i'm going to use a
sponge
a very small sponge and i'm dabbing it
here
now i'm going to proceed with concealer
i'm using the sam dip concealer in the
shade number two
[Music]
um on the eyes
i'm using the vice cosmetics dual finish
foundation and patina mess
this is my shade and i like this powder
so
much because
[Music]
pores
now
i am using the detail cosmetics super
fine liner in the shade
[Music]
i am going to use this as
what i like about this product
[Music]
is
then i am going to use a brow gel my
favorite brow gel from vice cosmetics
this is the gandalf volumizing brow gel
and why not in the shade
now i am done with my brows and then
again
concealer eyelets
for my eyeshadow so i'm going to use
invice cosmetics x and
first i'm going to add transition shade
so this is a festive look pair of the
green corporations
or a wearable parent if you want to
climb up this christmas
and it looks by and
parties you can do this okay using the
same brush i am going to add
this shade right here which is
one million i'm going to dip
it and then cut off the excess
so that it wishes a crease
then i am going to use a fluffy brush
[Music]
so yeah now that it's blended
i am going to add this
shade right here which is called
coffee is life working
look so i'm using the same brush again
[Music]
again now let's go to the fun part
which is adding the shimmer i'm going to
add this
shade which is called
this is a really nice shimmery shade as
you can see
and i'm going to put it here it's about
christmas
so festive
omg
[Applause]
using the same fluffy brush i'm just
going to blend it
again
[Music]
be
mascara
[Music]
i am going to use the advanced idi
advanced face trio
i don't think for my highlight
i'm going to use your masa face palette
um
[Music]
i am going to use the classic ever blend
matte lipstick in the shade joseph new
york
classic
[Music]
so this is a muted red color
to set the makeup i am going to use the
luxe organics beauty mist by anne
setting spray
[Music]
okay so this is the final result as you
can see i'm going to have a very festive
very christmassy because my red tones
warm tones but
i'm simple
christmas christmas trick
anyway i hope you guys enjoyed this
video like and subscribe to my channel
if you want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
okay bye see you next week
[Music]
you